Updating README to Svelte (#35)
ClimateTown/knowledge-hub: README.md

- writing content
- helping with website development
- discussing content on the hub (check out the channels on Discord for this!)
  
The following sections go through how you can make different contributions. These will require you having a GitHub account.

For any discussion or questions about the Knowledge Hub, join us in `#💬knowledge-hub-discussion` in the ClimateTown Discord.

### Small edits/typos
Resources data (title, URL, description, tags) are stored in the `data/resources.yml` file, which is then used to create the title. To make small edits, you can [directly edit this file](https://github.com/ClimateTown/knowledge-hub/edit/main/data/resources.yml) or you can create an issue.

As the whole website is stored in this repository, you can also use the search functionality to locate typos or suggest changes elsewhere in the site.

### Resource suggestions
We're always looking to publicise awesome climate resources. Got a resource to share? The easiest way is to create an issue, filling out the "resource suggestion" form. This will create a discussion around the resource, and if it's a good fit for the Knowledge Hub, we'll add it to the site.

### Site suggestions

> This website is driven by coders from the community. Have a suggestion to make the site better? Create an issue and we'll discuss it! If the feature sounds good, we'll look at adding it to the site. The feature is much more likely to be added if you can help with the development.

Author: ```suggestion
This website is powered by coders from the community. Have a suggestion to make the site better? Create an issue and we'll discuss it! If the feature sounds good, we'll look at adding it to the site. The feature is much more likely to be added if you are willing to help with the development.
```

> ## Development

Author: ```suggestion
## Development installation
```

> ### Installation and setup

Author: ```suggestion
```
